Whisper Key
Generic platform for data sovereignty verifiable credentials issued as zk proofs by trusted parties using zk oracles. With privacy and data sharing capabilities. Encrypt VC data with public key, decrypt with private key. Choose what to share with third parties. Show owner what data you want to use and they can agree to share.

Thoughts
Start with web portal that allows issuers to create credentials. A form to create a model.
Programatically create a struct from model. Then create and deploy a contract that creates a proof the credential was generated by public key issuer to public key owner.
Allow web form to create a credential for a user, use qr code scanning to. Then invoke a specific generated contract
Whisper Key Framework
Framework for managing and sharing confidential information. Allow others to use whisper Key in their projects to fulfill their problem. Each project will define their own model and their own smart contracts? WK only creating and storing VCs, encrypting personal data, data validation and retrieval for use in contracts .
For example user wants to respond to a survey. KYC'ed user presents their credential in the form of a smart contract invocation, verfies they are in specific categories demographics(Selective disclosure).Create a contract that emits the Emits events only about public data.
Use nullifier to determine if user has already participated in survey or pharmaceutical study
Verifiers design their own data objects and contracts, WKF manages converting from VC to contract data.
Issuers issues credentials to owner stored and encrypted in firebase. Issuers can revoke the credential by updating the valid flag via a contract and update the db.
Owner presents the VC via a smart contract invocation. How to inform the owner about the data requested about their credential. That contract invocation could pass and update their separate db for example their survey platform.
ZK MentatDB
Framework for zk databases
Allow consumers to supply their own logic to convert objects back and forth
Some abstract classes with abstract methods in the algorithms that people implement for their solution
Use generics in typescript if possible
Create abstractions to change DBs from firebase to other document DBs
ZK Shield
Authentication for react js using wallets and contract loading.
Should this be separated?

Use cases for Whisper Key
KYC'ed Surveys
Trusted entity issue KYC VC
Owner shares KYC with survey thru contracts that are agreed
Health Share
Doctors issues patient records
Owner

Research
https://youtu.be/zX_fJbsjfHg?si=S4hAFICe4BEfW1Bo
https://twitter.com/franklyteddy/status/1711464392577945994
https://twitter.com/franklyteddy/status/1708802591675596805
https://github.com/kaupangdx
https://twitter.com/palladians_xyz
https://youtu.be/k8T-jQKfOoE?si=c69ZZ1xO1JBSPP1E
